hi everyone it's on you from Hollis and
today I'm going to show you how I
decorated pencil cookies somebody
requested these on my youtube channel in
my previous video so I wanted to wanted
to make them for you and to make these I
actually don't have a pencil cutter
although they are widely available
online I had to improvise a little and I
use two different cutters to make this
I'll show you in a minute
first though I wanted to tell you what
kind of ice thing you're gonna need
you'll need 15 second icing that is pink
gray in two shades and then also you're
gonna need two shades lighter and darker
shade of lemony golden yellow and then
also ivory ivory icing we also do some
painting so you're gonna need some vodka
or water a little tiny painters brush
and then food coloring black and white
and here is the cutter I used I used a
square cutter and then before I put the
cookies too into the oven I cut the
dough in half and then for the pointy
area where the graph it is I used a roof
shape from my large gingerbread house
and I used the same cutter to make a
large pencil like this one so first
we're going to start with the graphic
area with the pointy area decorating
with ivory
and then you can mark this with the
pencil with I put the foot marker or
just use the needle tool just to give
you an idea where you want to start with
yellow I'm sorry gray race trip and then
you can continue with pink for the
eraser and you can use other colors you
don't have to use yellow yellow is very
traditional for the pencil so that's why
I'm using it and while the yellow is
still wet take your darker shade of
yellow and pipe two lines and then
finish it off with light gray for the
graph it and now you have to let this
dry completely and then we can start
painting so here I'm just painting the
graph it with black food coloring just
very thin lines all over and then adding
a white curve on to the eraser and then
finishing it off with two lines with
grey onto the gray strip all right
that's it so here are the pencil cookies
I hope you like these and you can also
check out my check out my other video
tutorials that I made before and don't
forget to subscribe to my youtube
channel and you'll get all the video
updates delivered to you via email see
you next time